# Image-Generation-Through-Text-Prompt
## Product Overview

Text-guided Image generation helps in creating high-quality ethical images from scratch from a text description. Text-to-image uses AI to understand your words and convert them to a unique image each time.  Deep generative neural networks concepts like image synthesis and latent diffusion models are used to create completely new images with reduced memory and computational cost. It can also create images with several designs, Arts, and styles by giving relevant text input. The model also uses ML-based content moderation techniques to consider the ethical aspects of generated images by sending appropriate warnings. If Not Safe For Work (NSFW) is more than a fixed threshold or a blank image is generated then the model throws an error stating to give an appropriate input prompt or to change the random seed.

## Product Highlight
* The solution can be used for generating synthetic images with more designs and styles potentially being added to the image. The model also considers the ethical aspects of image generation and gives NSFW (Not Safe For Work) warnings appropriately. However, the content input by the user and output generated by the listing needs to be duly verified for quality and ethical concerns before using integrating with other applications.
* This guided image synthesis can be applied to use cases like data augmentation, in which synthetic Images can be generated by giving text prompts. This reduces manual effort and improves productivity in cross-functional industries, some of which are metaverse, online content generation, Creative/Digital media, wildlife photography, designing UX/UI, etc.
* Mphasis Synth Studio is an Enterprise Synthetic Data Platform for generating high-quality synthetic data that can help derive and monetize trustworthy business insights while preserving privacy and protecting data subjects. Build reliable and high-accuracy models when you have no or low data. 
Need customized Machine Learning and Deep Learning solutions? Get in touch!

## Amazon Marketplace Link
The product can be found [here](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-4svzsrobdh5lu?sr=0-1&ref_=beagle&applicationId=AWSMPContessa)
